In the article Closed Systems:  Generative art and Software Abstraction, Marius presents various details associated with generative art. I agree with his point that states that while computers/hardware indeed create the shapes and designs in generative arts, the human components of creativity and talent are still required to make the work meaningful. I also like the second section where he mentions using computers to create art is not really a new thing and has been done since computers have been around. In his last section, Marius basically states how there are different types of work being done with the aid of computers in the domain of generative arts.

In the first video titled Playing a Game of Ganstruction, Helena presents some of the work of art she has managed to create using the neural network model called Cycle Generative Adversarial Network (CycleGAN). I agree with her suggestion that we need algorithms that can do similar work using our small sized custom dataset while requiring lesser compute power.

In the interview with Memo Akten, I agree to his point that we shouldn’t all be jumping on the bandwagon of big data just for the sake of it. Rather we should always focus on using big data, machine learning and AI to achieve something that makes an impact on the world. It’s also interesting to know how deep neural networks can be used to create such different and diverse types of arts that Memo has either created/will create.

In his talk at the TNW Conference, Che-Wei Wang talks about possible combination of generative design with neural networks and natural language processing. It is surprising to know that NASA actually used an algorithm to create an antenna which one would assume is a highly technical device. The fact that the output of such design ended up working is truly amazing and shows how highly sophisticated tools can be made using algorithms. It is also very exciting to see what complicated and mature frameworks such as neural networks would bring to the art world as their usage increases with time in the field.
