Bret in the video uses fish as an example to show and highligh the point that computer presents artists and designers with opportunity to create designs that mimic real-world better. I agree with that point fully. Computer and processing capacity as a whole is driving the entire world forward and there is no reason why artists shouldnt take full advantage of what we can do with these machines. Dynamic images do tend to convey/portray information better to users and in some cases could be much more useful. However, I still think static images and drawings can still be meaningful and shouldn't be thrown away simply because we can now do everything better with aid of machines. Further, a lot of technical expertise is also required to make the sort of designs Bret advocates and often times such expertise take time to build. He mentions the fact that softwares can be used by artists that do not require for them to write any code, but that could end up curtailing the vision of the artist.

His article is also quite interesting. He mentions hanging around deisgners of Apple's UI team and noticing they fell short in making new things. He insiunates that designers there probably suffer from lack of confidence as they rely upon engineers to code up their designs. One would probably imagine such designers could make use of the softwares he mentions that do not require to be explicitly coded to generate life-like designs. In a way I found these two points in his lecture and article being opoosite to each other.