In the article "Some Reflections on Designing Construction Kits for Kids", I really liked the attention paid by the authors on the design principles and how they mention they didnt just implement one principle after another but rather kept them in mind while making the kits. Second thing that struck me was something Jennifer replied when I presented this question during one of our discussion: "When do you consider an art work to be done?" to which she replied "There is no done in real sense with these works". The authors of this piece mentioned something similar and I get the point of view much better now. Another admiring point was the level of care and attention that was invested in each facet of the kit.

In Bret Victor's artcile, which was essentially written in response to a Khan Academy initiative, he presented his two thoughts about learning how to program. The points are hard to argue against. It's one thing knowing what a for or while loop does and completely different than knowing how and why they are used. His opinion about the shortcomings of a "trial and error" way of learning programming and the comparison made with a microwave with unlabled buttons were spot on. I also think his argument/points are tailored towards a certain group of people who are keen on learning programming for visual effect. It makes sense since he is a prominent artist who use computational tools. There are in my opinion many other factors to effectively understanding how to program. For example, understanding data structures and algorithms are also very crucial to writing good programs.

Jennifer et al. presents dyanmic brushes as a mechanism that adds manual artistic inputs to procedural systems. Clearly it's a fantastic tool which tries to bridge the learning curve associated with mastering a programming language by adding the primal artistic skill-manual input. The work and its features are worthy of being recognized as the best work at CHI and I look forward to use it.